docs(router): add description on route_match_calculation (#5064)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_gateway_entities/route.md

## How routing works

For each incoming request, {{site.base_gateway}} must determine which Gateway Service will handle it based on the Routes that are defined.

The {{site.base_gateway}} router orders all defined Routes by their [priority](#priority-matching) and uses the highest priority matching Route to [proxy the request](/gateway/traffic-control/proxying/).

### Priority matching

To maximise performance, the {{site.base_gateway}} router orders all defined Routes by their priority and uses the highest priority matching Route to handle a request. How Routes are prioritized depends on the router mode you're using.

For Routes configured in the traditional JSON format, priority is dynamically calculated based on the [routing criteria](#routing-criteria) (`regex_priority` included) when the [`router_flavor`](/gateway/configuration/#router-flavor) property in `kong.conf` is set to `traditional_compat` or `expressions`. For example, a Route that specifies both `hosts` and `headers` will have a higher priority than one that only specifies `hosts`.

> If you find that a Route with lower priority is matched over Routes with higher priority and common [routing criteria](#routing-criteria) (e.g. same `hosts`), try setting the [`route_match_calculation`](/gateway/configuration/#route-match-calculation) property in `kong.conf` to `strict`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you find that a Route with lower priority is matched over Routes with higher priority and common [routing criteria](#routing-criteria) (for example, same `hosts`), try setting the [`route_match_calculation`](/gateway/configuration/#route-match-calculation) property in `kong.conf` to `strict`.
```
